---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 11
---

Post for Lab 11 - 5/26/2021


## **TryHackMe Capstone** 

I started my process by a simple nmap scan to find open ports so I could see what I was dealing with. `nmap -sV machine_IP` The scan ran successfully and I found three open ports. Ports 21, 22, and 80. I was first interested in port 21 because on it, ProFTPD 1.3.3c was running. I used the command, `searchsploit proftpd` and learned that there was was a backdoor vulnerability for that specific ProFTPD version. I fired up Metasploit and used `search proftpd` to find the exploit I needed. This rewarded me with the backdoor for 1.3.3c which I selected. I then entered `show options` to see what I was working with. I set the RHOSTS value to the target IP and the LHOST value to the listening IP. I then ran the exploit and much to my dissapointment, was met with the message, "Exploit completed, but no sessions created". At this point, I had no idea where to go and was stumped. I did some Googling of the error and found it to be very vague as many different issues could cause the same error. I spent an hour looking around and thinking about my problem until I gave up and moved on.

My next plan was to inspect OpenSSH on port 22 to see if there was a vulnerability there. After a quick lookup with Metasploit, I found a username enumeration vulnerability, but that wasn't what I wanted. There were plenty of other OpenSSH vulnerabilities, but I knew in my gut, the ProFTPD backdoor was my way in. I returned to the ProFTPD exploit and was running through the process of the pre-exploit, and then it hit me. I forgot to set the payload. the command `show payloads`. Of the eight options shown, I chose `cmd/unix/reverse_perl` since I would be getting a shell through reverse TCP SSL. I then entered `set PAYLOAD cmd/unix/reverse_perl` and ran the exploit. I crossed my fingers, expecting the session error again. However, the error never came and instead, I was rewarded with a successful exploit and the command chell opened. I typed in the final command: `whoami` .... Root. Owned!

