---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 1 
---

Post for Lab 9 - 5/5/2021


## **Attacktive Directory** 

**Task 3 - Enumeration**

I started the room by deploying the machine, ensuring I had Impacket installed, and installed Bloodhound and Neo4j.


I then ran an nmap scan on the machine using the machine IP. `nmap -sC -sV -oA nmap/attactive-open-ports -T4 [Machine IP]`. The -sC flag performs a script scan using default set of scripts. The -sV enables version detection and -Oa means output to all formats. This scan just gave me information to answer the task questions and helped me see where to start. I then answered the questions and moved on to the next task.

**Task 4 - Enumeration**

It was time for me to use enum4linux to enumerate ports 139 and 445. The command being: `enum4linux -A  spookysec.local`. As prompted by the task description, I installed the Kerbrute tool using the command, `go get github.com/ropnop/kerbrute`. After this, the following command was used to pre-auth bruteforce using the username feature. `~/go/bin/kerbrute userenum --dc spookysec.local -d spookysec.local userlist.txt` This resulted in thirteen accounts. The two that popped out to me were "svc-admin" and "backup".

**Task 5 - Exploitation**

This next task involved using a tachinque known as ASREPRoasting which retrieves password hashes from users who do not have Kerbos pre-auth selected. Using the GETNPUsers.py tool in Impacket, I was able to query the vulnerable accounts from the Key Distribution Center. In this case, I used the tool to retrieve the password hash from the svc-admin account. `python3 GetNPUsers.py spookysec.local/svc-admin` This rewarded me with the hash that I would be able to crack using Hashcat. In order to find the mode, I had to look through the hashcat wiki and found the matching mode to the hash I was given. Then, I used the provided password list file to crack to hash. `hashcat -m 18200 hash.txt passwordlist.txt --force` This successfully cracked the password: `management2005`

**Task 6 - Enumeration**

So, I now had the username and the password which meant that I could log into SMB and look at the shares from the domain controller. Using smbclient, I used the following command which uses the -L flag to list all shares: `smbclient -L \\\\[Machine-IP]\\ -U 'svc-admin' -P 'management2005'`. I was then logged in and saw six remote shares and found the backup_credentials.txt file in the backup share. Once found, I used `base64 -d backup_credentials.txt` which decoded the file which was encoded in base64.

**Task 7 - Priviledge Escalation**

I then used the backup accound along with the secretsdump.py tool from Impacket. `python3 secretsdump.py -dc-ip spookysec.local backup:backup251786@spookysec.local` This command showed me all of the password hashes that the backup account had access to. This used the DRSUAPI method to get NTDS.DIT secrets. If I wanted to authenticate as the user without the password, I could use a "pass the hash" attack. Finally, the Evil-WinRM tool was used along with the -H flag to use a hash. I finished this task with the the command below. This used the admin hash I found to escalate my priviledges and gain access to the system. 

`evil-winrm -u Administrator -H 0e0363213e37b94221497260b0bcb4fc -i spookysec.local`

**Task 8 - Find The Flags**

The last step was simple and volved me navigating to each users desktop to find three flags. I found the the following flags in the following order at the svc-admin, backup, and Administrator accounts: 

TryHackMe{K3rb3r0s_Pr3_4uth}

TryHackMe{B4ckM3UpSc0tty!}

TryHackMe{4ctiveD1rectoryM4st3r}







