---
layout: post
title: Lab 1
---

Post for Lab 1 - 2/11/2021


#### **_Over The Wire_** 

**Level 1**

The description of level one included the name of a file, “readme,” which if read would show the password. Using the command “cat readme”, I was able to read the password and move on to the next level.

boJ9jbbUNNfktd78OOpsqOltutMc3MY1

**Level 2**

The description hinted that the password is in a file named “-“. Using the command “ls –“, I was able to see all the files and then “ls -lah” in order to see hidden files and more information about the dashed file. Because I couldn’t get to the file with “cat”, I decided to google dashed file names and found that I could get into the file using redirection through the command, “cat < -“. 

CV1DtqXWVFXTvM2F0k09SHz0YwRINYA9

**Level 3**

The prompt for level three stated that the password resided in a file named, “spaces in this filename”. After trying to cat the file exactly as is was named, I realized the actual spaces in the name were messing with the terminal. In order to work around this, I put the filename in quotes to include the spaces but not confuse the terminal. ==cat "spaces in this filename"==

UmHadQclWmgdLOKQ3YNgjWxGoRMb5luK

**Level 4**

The hint mentioned the password was in a hidden file in the inhere directory. Using “cd inhere”, I switched to the directory and searched for the file. I found out that by tacking on “-a” at the end of an ls command, I could search for all the files, even the hidden ones. Upon doing so, I found a file named “.hidden” which upon opening with “cat .hidden”, revealed the password. 

pIwrPrtPN36QITSp3EQaw936yaFoFgAB


**Level 5**

The hint stated that the password was the file that was the only human-readable file in the inhere directory. This sounded familiar. I changed directories and searched for all the files using “ls -a”, the same command I used on the previous level. This revealed ten different files, all of which were dashed files. Using the redirection cat command, “cat < -file00”, I began opening each file starting from the beginning. As expected, they all seemed to contain gobbledygook until I reached the eighth file. As described, the eighth file contained the human-readable password. 

koReBOKuIDDepwhWk7jZC0RTdopnAYKh


**Level 6**

Similar to the previous levels, the level hint said the password was under the inhere directory. Additionally, I was provided with three properties that the file included: human-readable, 1033 bytes in size, and not executable. I changed directories to the inhere directory and searched for all files. Upon doing so, I discovered that there were twenty directories under the inhere directory. I then entered the first one and searched for all files within the directory. Once I discovered that there were multiple files in each directory, I realized that I would have to search all the directories, looking for a file that met all of the properties provided. After browsing through the first eight directories, I found the file with the password and read it using the command, “cat .file2”.

DXjZPULLxYr17uwoI01bNLQbtFemEgo7

**Level 7**

Like the previous level, I was provided with three properties which the file had. However, the file was mentioned to be anywhere on the server. I started by moving to the root directory so that I could access all files. I then used the find command with all the properties given to search for the file (find ./ -user bandit7 -group bandit6 -size 33c). The terminal then returned me with a bunch of text that had one common theme: the word “Permission denied.” To work around this, I redirected the output to /dev/null so that I could discard the errors and be left with the file I was looking for. Using “cat /var/lib/dpkg/info/bandit7/password”, I found the password. 

HKBPTKQnIay4Fw76bEy8PVxKEDQRKTzs

**Level 8**

After reading the prompt, I learned that the password for the next level is next to the work “millionth” in the file data.txt. Somewhat confused by this hint, I read the file and the terminal starting spitting out a list of hundreds of words paired with “passwords.” I now understood that I was looking for the word “millionth” and if found, would also have the password. I then used the command “grep millionth data.txt” and just as easy as that, I had found the password. 

cvX2JJa4CFALtqS87jk27qwqGhBM9plV

**Level 9**

The prompt for this level read, “The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt and is the only line of text that occurs only once.” I read the file and found that it held hundreds of passwords all which were copies except for the password I was looking for. I used the sort command as well as the uniq and grep commands. I wrote the following command, sort data.txt I uniq -c I grep '^ 1 '". I used piping to combine the commands and using grep, searched for a string in the file that only occurred once. I pressed enter and with a sigh of relief, found the password. 

UsvVyFSfZZWbi6wgC7dAFyFuR6jQQUhR

**Level 10**

The description of level ten stated that the password for the next level would be one of the few human-readable strings and would be preceded by several “=” characters in the file data.txt. read the file which was already in the home directory. As expected, there was a bunch of unreadable text within the file. I then used the string command because it would show the human-readable strings. Fortunately, I was able to find the password simply by scrolling through the listed strings. However, I could have passing the grep command, searching for a bunch of “=.”

truKLdjsbJ5g7yyJ2X2R0o3a5HQJFuLk

**Level 11**

Level 11 informed me that the password was encoded as base64 data within the data.txt file. I read the file using the cat command and was given a long string of characters, the encoded data. In order to decode the string, passed the decode base64 command the read file. Here is the command I used: “cat data.txt I base64 -d” This decoded the text and I was rewarded with the password. 

IFukwKGsFW8MOq3IRFqrxE1hxTNEbUPR 

**Level 12**

In the description for level 12, I learned that the password for the next level was encoded using the Rot13 cipher. This meant that all the letters (uppercase and lowercase) were rotated by thirteen positions. This means I could use translate command to swap the first and second halves of the alphabet. The command “cat data.txt I tr "A-Za-z" "N-ZA-Mn-za-m"”, takes into consideration the upper and lowercase letters and changes the letters from A-M to N-Z.

5Te8Y4drgCRfCx8ugdwuEX8KFC6k2EUu

**Level 13**

The prompt for level 13 informed me that the password is within the data.txt file which happens to be a hex dump of a file that has been compressed multiple times. I started by creating a temporary directory in which I could work. After moving to the temporary directory, I began by doing a reverse hex dump of the data file and redirecting back to data (xxd -r data.txt > data). I created a new file with a gzip extension so that I could begin decompressing the file. After this, I used the command, “gzip -d file.gz” to decompress it once. I inspected the decompressed file and found it to be bzip2 data. I then changed the file from a gzip to a bzip2 so that I could compress it again. After the second decompression, I found the data to be a tar archive and used the “xf” command to extract the data. I had to do this step twice. The data was now a .bin file which needed to be moved to a bzip2 file so that it could be decompressed again. After another round of decompression, the data was once again a tar archive file. After extraction it was another .bin file which I moved to a gzip file for more decompression. After all these steps, I finally reached a file with ASCII text which I then read with the cat command. I finally got to the password. 

8ZjyCRiBWFYkneahHwxCv3wb2a1ORpYL

**Level 14**

Level 14 decided to switch things up. Instead of looking for a password for the next level, level 14 asked that I use an ssh key in order to access the next level without a password. I used the ssh command and the -i parameter to pass the private key. The command I used was: “ssh -i sshkey.private bandit@localhost”. In this case, local host referred to the actually device I was using at the time. The terminal asked for a confirmation and after answering “yes”, I was in. Even though I did not need the password, I wanted to find it which would be easy enough. The level description gave me the location of the file which I read using the cat command. 

4wcYUJFw0k0XLShlDzztnTBHiqxU3b3e


**Level 15**

This level asked that I submit the current level password to port 30000 on localhost to retrieve the next password. I could either use telnet or Netcat, and I decided on the previous. Once I used the command, “telnet localhost 30000”, the terminal prompted me for the current password. In return, they terminal gave me the next password.

BfMYroe26WYalil77FoDi9qh59eK5xNr


