---
layout: post 
title: Lab 2 
---

Post for Lab 2 - 2/20/2021

##### **_Try Hack Me Rooms_**

**Welcome Room**

As this was my very first time with TryHackMe, working through entry rooms was very helpful. While trying to start my machine, I became lost, and for some reason thought I needed Kali Linux to connect. Because I did not have Kali yet, I spent a long time figuring out how to get it. After I had Kali working through VirtualBox, I returned to the TryHackMe room and realized I was able to complete the room through my browser. Looking back, I got caught up in figuring out how to work OpenVPN, when all I had to do was follow the instructions closely. I was able to deploy my machine and entered the IP address into the built-in Mozilla browser. I was rewarded with the flag stating I was connected. Thus, I finished the Welcome room.

**Tutorial Room**
At the time of writing this post, I have not yet been able to connect Kali to the internet. Becuase of this, I once again used the AttackBox provided by TryHackMe. The tutorial room proved to be just as simple as the welcome room. I was prompted to connect to the machine through the attackbox. After doing so, I entered the confirmation flag and completed the room.

**OpenVPN**
The last room assigned focused on connecting to the TryHackMe network through OpenVPN. I was hoping to connect to OpenVPN through my newly-installed Kali Linux, however, I was unable to due to my inability to establish a wireless connection to wifi. I ordered a wireless adapter which should fix my current issue. Until then, I can use the AttackBox to work on TryHackMe rooms. 
