---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 5
---

Post for Lab 5 - 3/11/2021


## **Intro to x86-64**

**Introduction**

The first step of this room was connecting to the machine through ssh. I connected to TryHackMe with the IP address and provided password. Next, I used the `ls` command to view the available directories and navigated to the introduction directory. From there, I used the command `./intro` to start the program. 

This output: value for a is 1 and b is 2
             value for a is 2 and b is 1
             
Using `r2 -d intro`, I opened radare2 in debugging mode so that it can analyse the program and determine what is going on. The command `aa` analyzes all entry points in the executable. Next, I ran `e asm.syntax=att` which set the syntax to AT&T. After this, I entered `afl` which in turn listed the functions to run. The rest of the intro contained more introductory commands 

**If Statements**

The next section was an overview of if statements as well as listing the different jump types. 

**If-Statements Continued**

With a little background on if-statements, I began the next section. I navigated to the "If-Statements" directory, entered the If2 file, and began radare2 with the command `r2 -d if2`. . I was then prompted to run the following commands, `aaa`, `afl`, `pdf @main`. The first command, analyzed the program and the `afl` command listed the functions. Finally, `pdf @main` disassembled the function at main. I then inserted break points at the first and last jump types using the `db` command and the hex address of the jump instructions. The `dc` command began the program which ran until it hit the breakpoints. I then ran the command `px @rbp-0x8` which showed the value of 8. Running the command `ds` moves onto the the next instruction. Using these steps, I was able to answer the questions and move to the next segment. 

**Loops**

The next task briefly explained loops and continued with a similar walkthrough that was found in the if-statements task. This included setting break points at the jump instructions, running the program, and then using the hexdump command to show the value of 8. I was able to add a break point to the cmpl instruction and run the command `dc`. This allowed me to run the loop for any number of times. Because of the breakpoint, the program always stopped at the cmpl instruction and I could see how the integer was being affected. I noticed that as long as the character was less than 8 it would add two to the integer and loop back to the addl instruction. I used this method to answer the questions for the task. 

*CrackMe**

The final two tasks involved me using everything that I leanred from the previous tasks to find the password by analyzing the binary. I inserted a break point at the function "callq sym.imp.strcmp". I then used the `px` command on the %rsi register. This revealed the password 127.0.1. I noticed this wouldn't fit the format that was hinted. I changed to 127.0.0.1, which indeed was the correct password. 

For crackme2, I noticed that there the file `/home/tryhackme/install_files/secret.txt` was open and when I read it, I found the string "vs3curepwd". As prompted by the prompt, the password was in reverse. I was able to answer the prompt by simply reversing the text, however, I inspected the loop and found that it looped through the sring, reversing one charcter at a time until the entire string was reversed. It was able to do this by checking the first and last characters and stopped when they were the opposite of the unreversed string. 

