---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 8 
---

Post for Lab 8 - 4/26/2021


## **OWASP Juice Shop**

I first began this room by connecting to the room, starting Burp Suite, and looking around juice shop website. I did this with intercept mode turned off. The first qustion asked was: "What is the admin's email?" Fortunately, I was provided with the location of the email which I found under the review section of the apple juice. I then answered a few other questions which were very simple and asked that I explore the website a little more. 


After this was done, it was time for SQL injection. I now had intercept mode turned on, which allowed me to see the data which was being sent to the server. I was tasked with logging into the admin account. In order to do this, I first entered completely random information into the email and password boxes. I then opened Burp and changed what I had typed into the email box to `' or 1=1--`. This change tells the server that the entry is valid because 1 is always equal to 1 and that the email is correct. This change allowed me entry into the administrator account. After this, I logged into the Bender account using the provided email. Both of these short tasks revealed flags which I used to complete the section. 


Even though I was able to log into the admin account using SQL injection, I was still in the dark concerning the password. In order to find this, I conducted a brute force attack. Instead of going through proxy, I had to send it through Intruder. Just as I had swapped the email before, I changed the password to two "§§". I then started an attacker using "best1050.txt from Seclists" as the payload. After some trouble shooting and googling, I managed to complete the attack and found the password to me admin123. I now had to reset Jim's password which required that I know the answer to the question, "Your (Jim's) eldest sibling's middle name." Because Jim was referencing Star Trek earlier, I found the name to be Samuel, which is the middle of name of Jame Kirk's older brother. Using this, along with the email from the review, I was able to change Jim's password. 


"Access the confidential document!" This was my next task. After navigating to the "About Us" page, I found a link that took me to the file which contained the legal information. I was prompted to find the /ftp/ directory which in turn revealed that the document is accessible by the public. I downloaded the file, and returned to the home page where I was rewarded with another flag. The second question asked that I login using the email mc.safesearch@juice-sh.op using the password Mr.N00dles. After this, I was sent back to the /ftp/ directory that I had downloaded the condfidential file from, where I was tasked with downloading the "package.json.bak." file. However, This resulted in an error, preventing me from downloading. In order to counter this, I used a posion null byte and added %2500.md to the end of the url. This was successfull and allowed me to download the file. 


Task 6 began by asking that I access the admin page. I started be opening the debugger on the Chrome browser where I looked for the file named, main-es2015.js. By adding the file to the end of the URL, I found a page full of text that was unreadable. To fix this, the "{}" button converted the symbols into text I could read. Here, I found the words path:administration. I then logged into the admin account and navigated to the path /#/administration. This revealed the admin page. Once completed, I opened Burp Suit, and made sure intercept mode was on. I then forwarded the requests until I saw "GET /rest/basket/1 HTTP/1.1". Once found, I changed the "1" to a "2" which was changing the USERID to reveal another person's basket. Finally, I returned to the admin page, and deleted the one five star review.


My job was now to perform three types of XSS or cross site scripting attacks. The first was a DOM XSS attack. This proved to be as simple as inserting the script, "<iframe src="javascript:alert(`xss`)"> " into the search bar which in turnm triggered and XSS attack alert. I then performed a persistent XSS attack. First, I logged into the admin account and then navigated to the "Last Login IP" page. I ensured intercept mode was on within Burp Suite, and then proceeded to log out. Within Burp, I clicked on the "Headers' tab and added a new header titled: "True-Client-IP". Once done, I signed back into the admin account and was, dare I say, rewarded with an attack alert. Lastly, I had to exercise a reflected XSS attack. To do this, I went to the "Order History" page and clicked on the truck icon. This revealed the tracking information and order ID of an order. by swapping the order ID with the script, "<iframe src="javascript:alert(`xss`)">" in the URL, I was rewarded with a final XSS alert and flag.
  

The final task was simple and prompted me to find the scoreboard page. This was done by adding "/#/score-board/ " to the end of the base URL. 

