---
layout: post 
title: Lab 3
---

Post for Lab 3 - 2/11/2021


## **TryHackMe Blue Room**

**Recon**

The first step for the room was recon. Using the Nmap command `nmap -sV -vv --script vuln` with the IP of my machine. This command started a scan that scanned for all open ports and informed me of the vulnerability that I could exploit. After the scan completed, I asnwered a question concerning the number of open ports as well as which vulnerability the machine was succeptible to. 

**Gain Access**

In order to gain access, I began by running Metasploit using the command `msfconsole`. Metasploit was now up and running and I was then tasked to find the exploitation code that I could run against the machine. I used the `search ms17` command which brough up a list of all exploits with the keywords "ms17". I found the code I needed move on the the next step. Using the Metasploit command `use 8`, I easily switched to the exploit and ran it.

**Escalate**

Using the search command, I found all things related to meterpreter, including the name of the post module I was to use. Inorder to interact with the meterpreter session I generated, I used the command `session -i 1`. I then escalated my priveledges with `getsystem` and `shell` and was able to attain admin priveledges. Next, I ran the process list command, chose a process, and migrated to it.

**Cracking**

At this point, I had control of the machine, and ran `hashdump`, which gave me hashes of the passwords of the admin, guests, and "Jon". I copied the hashes to a file and used a hash cracker to decrypt the password. 


**Flags**

According to the prompt, the first flag could be found at the system root. I simply used the `ls -al` command to see all files and directories and found the file flag1.txt. I read it with `cat fla1.txt` and moved to the next flag. `flag{access_the_machine}`

The second flag was "at the location where passwords are stored within Windows." I followed the same sequence as before, changing directories down the line and reading the text file. `flag{sam_database_elevated_access}`

Lastly, the third and final flag could be found "at a good place to loot." I implemeted the same strategy and was met with equal seccess. `flag{admin_documents_can_be_valuable}`

