---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 10
---

Post for Lab 10 - 5/7/2021


## **Physical Security** 

This week's post involves the Physical Security TryHackMe room. The first task consisted of two videos of two different speakers on the topic of physical security. After watching the videos, I began the room, most of which consisted of questions that I was able to answer from the videos. 

For the first set of questions, I learned of the differences of overt entry, covert entry, and surreptitious entry. Overt entry describes entry that is clearly visible to any person, trained or untrained. For example, if a thief entered a building through a broken window, this would be overt entry. Covert entry would be entry that is detectable only to trained the trained eye such as lock picking. Lastly, surreptitious entry would occur if an individual had a key copied which he/she used to enter through a door. This form of entry is undetectable by even the trained professionals. 

The second task contained questions concerning basics of lock picking. Examples included types of picks, locks, and tenchniques. The third section asked about lock picking tools and techniques. I learned about torsion wrenches, wafer locks, and serrated driver pins. The fourth task focused on lock anatomy. I was required to know what a dead latch was, driver pins, and the shear line. After this, task five contained questions concerning padlock bypassing. Here questions concerning jigglers, bump keys, and shims were asked. Finally, the last task focused on hardware bypassing. Here I learned about REX sensors, travelers' hooks, and air wedges. 


Unfortnuately, I was unable to finish the room because a few of the answers could not be answered based soley upon information provided from the videos.
