---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 1 
---

Post for Lab 1 - 2/11/2021


## **Ice** 

**Recon**

The first step of recon was to connect to the machine through an nmap scan. Using the command `nmap -sS -p- IP`, I was able to see all open ports as well as their respective services. This was useful, but I still needed to know the full name of each service. For that, I changed the command and rescanned the machine. `nmap -sV -p- IP`. This scan displayed the services names as well as the name of the hostname of the machine.
**Gain Access**

In order to gain access, I had to find out what vulnerability I could exploit. I went to CVEDetails.com and searched for Icecast. I found the vulnerability knowning that the CVE score would be 7.5. Now that I had identified the vulnerability, I started metasploit with `msfconsole`. Using `search icecast`, I found the path fo the exploit module. I selected the module and after using `show options`, I was ready to run the exploit on RHOSTS.

**Escalate**

I now had a foothold in the machine. The command `ps` showed me a list of the processes and I found that "Dark" was the user running Icecast. After this, I used `sysinfo`. This showed me all information about the system. I needed to perform some more recon so I ran the command `run post/multi/recon/local_exploit_suggester`. This showed many different escalation exploit paths. Now tha that I had an exploit to use, I backgrounded the meterpreter session. I used the `use` command to select the exploit. Because a session was required, the command `set session 1` created a session I could use. I checked the options to ensure that the listener was on the corect IP address. I ran the exploit and now had a new session. I changed sessions and used the command `getprivs`. This confirmed that I had escalated my priveleges and had the ability to take ownership of the files.

**Looting**

Now with admin priveleges, I used `ps` to list all processes. Within the list I found "sploosv.exe" which was the printer service. I migrated to the service with `migrate -N spoolsv.exe` and followed that with the command `getuid`. This command stands for get user identity which shows me my current status within the system. As expected, it was cinfirmed that I had full admin priveleges. I could now switch gears and begin looting. I started the extension Mimikatz with the command `load kiwi`. I wanted to see all commands I could use so I typed in `help`. This showed me the command to display all credentials. This successfully displayed the password of the user Dark.

**Post-Exploitation**

Following the prompts in TryHackMe, I used the command `help` to display all commands available and answered the questions concerning the commands and finished the room. 


