---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 1 
---

Post for Lab 7 - 4/8/2021


## **Kenobi Room**


**Deploy the Machine**

With my Kali up and running, Tryhackme machine started, I was ready to start the first task. I used the command `nmap ip -vvv` to start nmap and show all open ports. I found that there were seven open ports. This is all I needed for the first section.


**Enumerating Samba for Shares**

Next, I used the script `nmap -p 445 --script=smb-enum-shares.nse,smb-enum-users.nse ip`. This script enumerates SMB shares on port 445. After the script ran through, I found three shares. It was now time for me to onnect to the network's share. The command, `smbclient //<ip>/anonymous` did the job and I found a file named "log.txt" on the share. To learn more, the command `smbget -R smb://ip/anonymous` allowed me to download the file and find information about the ProFTPD server. For the final question in this section, the script, `nmap -p 111 --script=nfs-ls,nfs-statfs,nfs-showmount 10.10.28.240` was used to find what mount was shown on port 111.

**Gain Initial Access with ProFTPD**

The next question asked for the version of ProFTPD used by the machine (version 1.3.5). Now that I knew the version, I searched for exploits using the command, `searchsploit proftpd 1.3.5`. The next step was to use the `site CPFR` and `site CPTO` commands which copy files or directories from one place to another. `nc machine_ip 21` and the copying commands brought me to the point where I could mount the /var/tmp directory. I used the following commands `mkdir mnt`, `mount machine_ip:/var mnt`. I then used the command `chmod 600 id_rsa` to change permissions and I then logged in through SSH with kenobi's id_rsa. Once in, I found the user.txt file containing kenobi's user flag. 

**Privilege Escalation with Path Variable Manipulation**

I now needed to search for files with the SUID bit and I used the command, `find / -perm -u=s -type f 2>/dev/null`. I then manipulated my path so that I could get a root shell. First, switched over to the temporary directory. Then, I used the commands:

                                                        `echo   /bin/sh > curl`
                                                        
                                                        `chmod 777 curl`
                                                        
                                                        `export PATH=/tmp:$PATH`
                                                        
I then ran the menu binary, selected option 1, and now had root privileges. Lastly, I changed to the root directory and read the root.txt file to find the root flag. 
