---
layout: post 
$lightGray title: Lab 1 
---

Post for Lab 7 - 4/18/2021


## **Wifi Hacking 101** 

Unfortunately, I have still not been able to set Kali up properly and have not been able to connect my wireless adapter to Kali through Virtual Box. This lab will be written as if I had done the room normally, even though I am just reading and following a walkthrough. Because of this, this post will be much shorter than normal. 

**Intro to WPA**

The first section provides key terms and basic information about WPA. Through reading, the information provided by the room, recalling the lecture, and reading the textbook, I was able to answer all the questions. Questions included, "What type of attack on the encryption can you perform on WPA(2) personal?", and "What three letter abbreviation is the technical term for the "wifi code/password/passphrase"?."

**Capturing Packets to Attack**

After the frst step, there questions to be answered concerning the Aircrack-ng quite and the functions of specific commands. I employed the textbook and some Google searches to find the answers I needed. The third section also consisted of questions about which commands accomplished which tasks. I was able to find the answers using `--help`. The final question asked which password was included in the attached capture. To do this, I used the following command: `aircrack-ng -b 02:1A:11:FF:D9:BD -w /usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt`. The  `-b` flag along with the BSSID specified what to attack. The `-w` paired with the path of the rockyou wordlist was used to crack the password.
